okay so I was having trouble studying my
car on a hot day I think I would go to
start the car and it would just go it
was turning over but not catching
somebody suggested that I unhooked the
battery cable for a few minutes and hook
it back up and what do you know it would
start so I started researching online
looking stuff up on YouTube and whatnot
and I kept coming across main relay
assembly so I thought what the hell I'll
try it myself so I did and hold on big
truck going by kind of noisy I'm in a
parking lot of advanced auto so the part
I bought it it was fifty five dollars I
kept saying things about you can repair
them well I'd feel better to spend the
fifty five bucks and just know that it's
a brand new one and all the solder
points are correct so I went and I got
the part the part looks like this I have
a Japanese made model not an American
made model the part looks like this and
so the it's not hard to replace it's not
hard to actually remove it and put the
new one in the hard part is where it is
it is an actual hard place to get to if
you are a big person with very large
hands I suggest not trying it yourself
so what I did was I got a light that I
can I held it in my mouth it was the
easiest way and I got under here see if
we can shine so here's my dashboard and
mine is under here go all the way down I
hope you can see this and it's under
Neath and I'm gonna get down and show
you exactly where it is so hold on give
me just a second
so I flip around and I get completely
under my dashboard looking up underneath
looking up underneath so here we are
under the dashboard this is I've been
told something for the power steering so
what I did is I removed it there's a
bolt right there and then there's one
right there I remove this to bolt it was
really easy I just used a ten millimeter
socket and then if you can see there's
another bolt right there that's for the
main relay the little black box just
kind of slid out the way mine didn't
have a bolt but one bolt holding it in I
couldn't get that other bolt loose so I
just kind of slid it to the side and
then the silver bracket is attached to
this black box
hopefully I think you can see it let me
see ya bracket black box that's it right
there
it was fairly simple once I got that the
power steering box out of the way it was
fairly simple to remove that and then
there's two locks on the wire harness
and then a little clip I just used a
small flat-head screwdriver to carefully
pry it loose and then I just put the new
one on I've reattached three bolts
tightened them back down and you know
there's there's that power steering box
I put that back on and then started my
car and so far I haven't had any trouble
and it took me all of about I don't know
half an hour but
I've never done it before I just looked
up some stuff on YouTube and online with
some diagrams and simply with a flathead
screwdriver ten millimeter socket wrench
with an extension and a 10 millimeter
crescent wrench to start off with and
yeah I mean it was it just took some
work of getting in a crowded space and
being uncomfortable so I hope that
somebody else gets some benefit out of
this because when I looked online I
didn't find anything that was quite that
detailed about here's what I did here's
where it is so yeah it's it's fairly
simple and you can save yourself some
money alright bye